This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
the speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot
And we want to be involved in missions.
We have been for quite some time, many years,
But there is no doubt in my mind that our church
Needs to be more active, proactive than what we are in getting the gospel to the regions beyond.
And in order to do that, we've got to have solid, committed stewardship to do it. Our church
It needs to be a light in a dark place, right?
It's going to take all of us
To be all in for Jesus.
And so we want to do that.
As I have said many times, missions is the heartbeat of God.
We have to reach our city.
We have to reach the town ahead of us.
We have to even go beyond those borders. But think about this.
These people that you just saw in this video here
How will they hear?
Unless one is sent
These people
around the world in these foreign countries listen
Some of the most pagan.
Beliefs
Unbelievably, we find people
Worshipping sticks and stones and rocks and.
They are locked into superstitions.
Traditions.
And the only thing that can penetrate that
Is the gospel.
The scripture says this and also i heard the voice of the lord saying whom shall i send and who will go for us
Then said I.
Here am I.
Send me.
That's more than a goose bump. That's more than a good feeling, a good sermon, a good Sunday school lesson, hearing the words to a good gospel song.
But you think about it this way.
You may lose a lot of things or give up a lot of things
In order to find.
Everything.
you listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com